docs: related projects section with GitHub Action (#71)
GoogleChrome/lighthouse-ci: README.md

addons:
  chrome: stable # make sure you have Chrome available
```

## Related Projects

> - [Lighthouse CI GitHub Action](https://github.com/treosh/lighthouse-ci-action) - Audit URLs using Lighthouse and monitor performance with Lighthouse CI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Lighthouse CI GitHub Action](https://github.com/treosh/lighthouse-ci-action) - Automatically run Lighthouse CI on every PR with GitHub Actions, no infrastructure required.
```

Reviewer: I have a feeling that all related projects here will be using Lighthouse CI to audit urls so tried to tailor it a bit for the github actions part :)
